(DOCS-8996) Add limits page for Workflow Automation (#25245)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/workflows/trigger.md

{{< img src="service_management/workflows/trigger-workflow-step.png" alt="The service_name input parameter is required in the child workflow" style="width:100%;" >}}

> You can also pass the result of a child workflow back to the parent workflow by defining **Output parameters** in the child workflow. The **Trigger Workflow** step in the parent workflow retrieves the output parameters from the child workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass the result of a child workflow back to the parent workflow by defining **Output parameters** in the child workflow. Use the `WorkflowOutputs` context variable in the parent workflow to retrieve the output parameters from the child workflow. For example, given a child workflow named `Example_workflow` with an output parameter named `exampleList`, use `Steps.Example_workflow.workflowOutputs.exampleList` to access the result from the child workflow.
```
